docs: improve README description to highlight unique local-first value proposition (Issue #23) (#24)
k1e1n04/claude-code-dispatcher: README.md

# Claude Code Dispatcher

A local-first CLI tool that integrates Claude Code with GitHub for automated issue processing. Unlike GitHub Actions or Copilot Coding Agent, claude-code-dispatcher runs locally in your development environment, leveraging Claude Code to directly generate branches and PRs with full access to your local toolchain, dependencies, and devcontainer setup.

## Overview

Claude Code Dispatcher monitors GitHub issues assigned to a specific user, processes them using ClaudeCode, and automatically creates pull requests with the generated solutions.

> **Why this project?** By running locally rather than in the cloud, claude-code-dispatcher provides Claude Code with direct access to your actual development environment. This means more accurate code generation that respects your local setup, toolchain configurations, and dependency versions—something cloud-based automation tools cannot achieve.

Author: ```suggestion
**Why this project?**  
By running locally rather than in the cloud, `claude-code-dispatcher` gives Claude Code full access to your actual development environment. This allows more accurate code generation that respects your local setup, toolchain configurations, and dependency versions—something cloud-based automation tools cannot achieve.  

With a locally running dispatcher, you can fully leverage a subscription-based Claude Code from anywhere. For example, you can keep your home PC running continuously, and when you create an issue from your smartphone, the dispatcher automatically generates a PR on your local machine without any additional intervention.
```
